= redmine_spent_time
<b>Version >= 3.0.0 for Redmine 3.x (Rails 4.2, Ruby 2.2.1)</b>

<b>Version 2.6.6 for Redmine >= 2.3 & < 3</b>

This is a {Redmine}[http://www.redmine.org]'s plugin which allow users to add spent time entries for issues they have worked on. 
It gives users a comfortable form to do queries about their spent time on projects, along with a little form
to submit new entries. Of course also it's possible to delete entries and to modify existing ones.

From this functionality a user will be able to add time entries to assigned issues or to issues which he
has already spent some time but are not assigned to him.

== Installation

1. Go to your redmine root path/plugins.
2. At the command line type
    git clone https://github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time.git
3. (For version 2.6.6 only) Install required gems (best_in_place is required) with bundler in redmine directory: cd .. && bundle install
4. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails).
5. Login and configure the plugin (see Permissions section.)
6. Click the 'Spent time' link in the top left menu.

== Permissions

There are some permissions which can be set up for every role from the Administration -> Roles and permissions.

* Time tracking -> 'View spent time': Activated by default, it allows the user to go to this plugin's main page.
* Project -> 'View others spent time': Deactivated by default, it allows the user to view the spent time of other members of the projects he is member of.
* Project -> 'View every project spent time': Deactivated by default, it allows to view the spent time of everyone.

== Usage

It's very easy to use, click the 'Spent time' link in the top left menu, from there you will be able to do queries and add entries. 
After doing a query, if there are time entries in the result, you will be able to modify or delete them.

== Languages

* Catalonian, English, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese & Spanish.
<b>HELP on translations</b>: Only English, Italian, Japansese & Spanish are complete, others need some literals to translate.

== Code contributors

* @lauer (Jesper Grann Laursen), @burci (Peter Buri), @mjanser (Martin Janser)
* @pedrosnk (Pedro Medeiros), @krewetka (Ania Krawet), @mficzel (Martin Ficzel)
* @nick7ikin, @Weptun, @alexandermeindl (Alexander Meindl)

== Translators

* General help on translations: @cforce (Terence Miller)
* German: @mjanser (Martin Janser), @alexandermeindl (Alexander Meindl)
* Hungarian: @burci (Peter Buri)
* Italian: @maramazza (Matteo Mazzoli), @R-i-c-k-y
* Japanese: Hajime (@momibun926)
* Polish: @krewetka (Ania Krawet), @dgutkowsky
* Portuguese: @heslei (Heslei Silva)
* Russian: @ilya-yurtaev (Ilya Yurtaev)
* Simplified Chinese: @archonwang (Steven W.)
* Czech: @j123b567 (Jan Breuer)

== License

This plugin is licensed under the {Apache License, Version 2.0}[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html].

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at eduardo.yanez@gmail.com or create an issue in the {GitHub Issues tracker}[https://github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time/issues].

== Release notes
<b>3.1.2 - 2015-10-01</b>
* #77 Refactored routes.rb and fixed projects combo box (@alexandermeindl).

<b>3.1.0 - 2015-09-24</b>
* Tested on Redmine 3.1.1, Rails 4.2, Ruby 2.1.6
* Fix: #73 Closed projects are not included in report
* Fix: #74 Time displays 0.00 when time entry is not linked to an issue
* Fix: #75 Incomplete issues list in combo box

<b>2.6.7 - 2015-09-24</b>
* Fix: #73 Closed projects are not included in report

<b>3.0.2 - 2015-05-21</b>
* Fix: #72 User field is no longer alphabetically ordered

<b>3.0.0 - 2015-04-09</b>
* Request: #68 Updated in order to work in Redmine 3.0 under Rails 4.2
* Removed: #69 Updating spent times in line with best_in_place plugin doesn't work in Redmine 3 (Rails 4.2)

<b>2.6.6 - 2014-10-16</b>
* Fix: #67 View every projects spent time doesn't work as expected

<b>2.6.5 - 2014-03-31</b>
* Translate: #60 Completed Italian translation by @R-i-c-k-y

<b>2.6.4 - 2014-03-17</b>
* Translate: #59 Added Japanese translation by Hajime (@momibun926)

<b>2.6.3 - 2014-03-03</b>
* Fix: #57 undefined method `estimated_hours'
* Enhancement: #58 German translation completed

<b>2.6.2 - 2014-02-26</b>
* Fix: #53 undefined local variable or method `project_id'...
* Fix: #54 Problem with permission
* Enhancement: #56 Added total estimated time to report

<b>2.6.1 - 2014-02-20</b>
* Fix: #50 Sorting is not working
* Fix: #51 Interval's filter not working
* Fix: #52 Issue column content is not being wrapped up

<b>2.6.0 - 2014-02-10</b>
* Allows to insert time entries on weekends, and show the hours.
* Custom fields on time entries insertion.
* Notify when time entry is created or updated.
* Only shows active projects by default (@Weptun).
* Check permissions before create entries (@nick7ikin).
* More errors controls (@nick7ikin).

All {release notes}[https://github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time/blob/master/release-notes.rdoc]
